All right.
Welcome back.
So in this video we're going to have a quick look at how you can add custom API keys into your cursor
setup.
Go to cursor at the top click on settings.
Go to Cursor Settings.
And then what you'll want to do is go to the models page.
Inside the models page you can see you can add different types of keys and anthropic API key, a Google
API key, or an Azure API key.
Now all you have to do is take your API key from the provider, and then you can add this API key on.
And then you'll just have to hit this here.
Now if you're using Cursor Pro, you don't need to use your API key unless you're using custom models.
Now the point I'll just make on this is you should only use an OpenAI API key, or an anthropic, or
a Google or Azure key if you're not using Cursor Pro.
If you're using Cursor Pro, I really wouldn't recommend using an API key.
It can be slightly more expensive.
And also, for example, some of the features, such as the composer mode is not available to use when
we have a specific type of using a custom API, you'll find that the composer won't work, and the reason
why that it won't work is that it's using the custom API key.
So composer.
If you want to use more advanced features like composer, you can't use an API key.
Um, and I really would recommend using composer and we'll get into that later on in the lessons.